1. In the initiative order if a characters turn is up then can you highlight the token in the map by having a slight golden tint that is notisable.

2. Also the blood effect when the hitpoints are down for a character should also be seen in the tokens that are on the top row of the map(during combact).

3. The monter table is good. But the search option is like NPC table search option still asking for relation and importance which are not part of monsters stat blocks. Can you filter the monsters acctual stat blocks like Alignment, AC range, Chalange rating, Whether its fiend, plant, undead,celestial, elemental, aberration, etc... Also have the search feture search if any creatures have the search words in their traits

4. There is C:\personal\Dungenons and Dragons books\WorldWatcher\Database\external-data\5etools-src\data\encounters.json however the database in the encounter is empty. I want to fill it with this data in a following way.
    4a. I want to store the encounters in the format what the json file has so we need to change the schema of the encounter table a little bit to add new columns.
    4b. You need to columns of source, page, diceExpression. The table having multiple options makes this tricky but I still need all these details. So can you store them in the json file for storing all the tables creatures roles
    4c. The encounters I previously assumed are fixed but I don't want to do that. I want to use the format where I role a die and decide it. So you can be free to change the encounters table in the database to accomidate this for storing the json file.
    4d. Also make the nessesary changes in the UI of the table and search, creation and updation tab of encounters to accomdate this too.
    4e. This will also need some change on the map with the token managment thing where I have a encounters tab. For this when I select a encounter it must automaticall roll the target dice for me and should show me a table highlited (selected) based on the roll. But I could choose another table if I want too here (and not choose the selected one.). One I press next is must then again reroll the die (propably d8) needed for that table.
    4f. I should still be able to make changes to the repollated roll for that table to detemine the number of creatures. And then press next again to finally get the number of creatures and types of creatures in the encounter. In both cases show be what die is being rolled in addition to the result.

5. The spells table does not have images of the spells currently. I want images for all of the spells. The images are in this folder C:\personal\Dungenons and Dragons books\WorldWatcher\Database\external-data\5etools-img\spells in one of theose directories. The image file will be like named as <name>.webp
    5a. For this you probaly need to add a new column in spells table to store the id of the spells image asset.
    5b. Once you have the spell image for each spell also add this wehre when I hover over the spell image the spell image must look but when I hover over it.

6. The magic items table looks bad as there are no columns. Evething is just like a blob. Make column appear for the magic items like itey type, rarity, attument requirment, etc.. Also I need a image for each fo the magic item too.
    6a. The image of the magic items can be found in here C:\personal\Dungenons and Dragons books\WorldWatcher\Database\external-data\5etools-img\items just like the spells.
    6b. The magic item image also must become bigger if I hover over it.

7. In NPC section if I want to create a player token there are no good options for me. For relation I also want to have 'Player' option in addition to 'Ally', 'Enemy', etc...
   7a. Token with this relation as player should be having a green or blue tint that is notisable on the map and the initiative tracker so its easier to spot.

8. Current favorates in the creatures are fixed as a Player and a Zombie. But I want to change that. I want to remove those test data tokens and have that feature functional where I can select a monster or NPC to be facorate by clicking on a star and those creatures would be appearing in the favorates tab of the token managment in the map.

9. Create a seperate Factions tab on the Dungen master pannel. (this is also comming soon).